Document foreman_resource_quota plugin (#3460)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_resource-quota-settings.adoc

[id="resource-quota-settings"]
= Resource Quota settings

> The Resource Quota plugin contains the following global {Project} settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the following global {Project} settings for the Resource Quota plug-in:
```

Reviewer: Can you please add a sentence about navigation?
```
You can find the Resource Quota settings by navigating to *Administer* > *Settings* > *<tab name>*.
```

It can go at the bottom.

> * *Global Resource Quota no action* {endash} {Project} will not limit the resource consumption if a resource quota is exceeded.
> * *Resource Quota optional assignment* {endash} {Project} will not enforce selecting a resource quota during host provisioning.
> The global setting overwrites user-specific and user group-specific configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Global Resource Quota no action*:: {Project} will not limit the resource consumption if a resource quota is exceeded.

*Resource Quota optional assignment*:: {Project} will not enforce selecting a resource quota during host provisioning.
The global setting overwrites user-specific and user group-specific configuration options.
```
I'd go with this formatting for the settings instead. It looks better than an en-dashed list.

Author: Applied!
